
git init :
        The git init command is the first command that you will run on Git. The git init command is used to create a new blank repository. 
        It is used to make an existing project as a Git project. Several Git commands run inside the repository, but init command can be run outside of the repository.
        command:
                git init

git-add :
        for adding file to staging area
        Commands:
                  git add filename
                  git add . --> to all file in a folder or directory.

git-status :
          For displays the state of the working directory and the staging area. 
          It lets you see which changes have been staged, which haven't, and which files aren't being tracked by Git.
          Status output does not show you any information regarding the committed project history.
          command:
                  git status

git-commit -m"" :
                It is used to record the changes in the repository. It is the next command after the git add. 
                Every commit contains the index data and the commit message. Every commit forms a parent-child relationship. 
                When we add a file in Git, it will take place in the staging area. A commit command is used to fetch updates from the staging area to the repository.

                Since we have finished our work, we are ready move from stage to commit for our repo.
                Sometimes, when you make small changes, using the staging environment seems like a waste of time. 
                It is possible to commit changes directly, skipping the staging environment. 
                The -a option will automatically stage every changed, already tracked file.

git log :
        to view all changes in repo it will show commit revsion id , author name, Data
        git log --oneline for one line to show the Changes
        two types of reset is there , they are hard and soft:
			git --hard commit revsionid  -> deletes all the file and data from the repo permanently and change the head to the specfic commit id 
			git --soft commit revsion id -> change the head to specfic commit id and doesn't delete the file and data instead delete the file and data from local repo. And soft 				is default value so it can be used like git reset commit revsion id

